sup YouTube the kid at K philosopher
pops inch-long breaks I've been
requested to go a little more in depth
with this crap so I shall well first off
stretches you're gonna had to go is I
hope you're not go back to part one you
should be here come back tomorrow one
but obviously you got to get this done
first
dead arm because you're not do that
elbow back well will that PopSugar out
simultaneously good to go no way I got a
dead arm risk round really well his
first I need like a wrist grab get off
so I got it I pop my shoulder up that
way
kind of
and once you get better at the risk
route you can kind of throw that back
but so let's grab that song but the best
way to do this crap
if you can't isolate like straight up
it's just kind of like in a whole motion
god I like this it's kind of like this
thumb like that like that here like back
there for children but if you want to do
it fancy pants basically pull it like
this
it's not anymore that's the way I'm just
kind of twist the arm while popping your
shoulder the other minute and of course
if you want to do it without throwing
your arms back here you need to same way
you do this it's fine
same way to do that one just like
throwing it back or just throw it up I
throw it up here I can do a throwback
turn like that so that's a little more
in depth like thumbs up before comment
any questions comment tell me how sexy I
am you know but let's do the hair for
nothing people come and of course
subscribe here to see other parts as the
usual place I don't really only be video
crush like this subscribe any help yeah
so do all those things and watch me yes
I'm here help you help me help you
peace out